# Haskell UW 

The purpose of establishing the Haskell club is so members interested in the
language, and functional programming, can come together and learn, and share
their knowledge of haskell and functional programming.

What Haskell UW is meant to be is based on three similar organizations, the
founder (meaning me the person writing this) used to attend back when he was
in Singapore: HaskellSG, Idris Meetup (Idris is a language built upon Haskell
essentially), and The Book Programming Club. HaskellSG was on members of the
Haskell community in Singapore sharing ideas through talks, and then going for
dinner/drinks afterwards and discussing the concepts further.  The book
programming club was focused on learning more about programming through the
study of programming books together. The Idris meetup was in the middle, it
involved going through a book on Idris, but involved essentially a lot of show
and tell of side projects in Idris/Haskell. 

The unifying theme in the Haskell UW club is that every week, its members gather
together to learn and share with each other. As such meetups were an expert in
the field comes to (say a professor) comes in and gives a lecture is not
something appropriate for this meetup.

As such the only thing the Haskell UW meetup requires of MathSoc is a room to
host the meetup weekly (preferably one with a projector, but that is not
essential). Haskell UW asks for no funding from MathSoc.

As for executive positions, there will be one president, who has final say on
everything club related, and is responsible for the club. He will be elected on
the first meeting of the club by whoever is there. Anyone at the first meeting
who wishes to nominate themself can do so.


Details 
* We are governed at all times by this [code of conduct](https://github.com/zhiyanfoo/haskell-uw/blob/master/CONDUCT.md).
* We will charge $2 a term to members, the minimum allowed by MathSoc rules.
* The president will decide how that money will be spent. 
